Fix: #2471. Clarify status code text. (#2630)
OAI/OpenAPI-Specification: versions/3.1.1.md

```
##### <a name="httpCodes"></a>HTTP Status Codes
The HTTP Status Codes are used to indicate the status of the executed operation. 

> Status codes are defined in [RFC7231](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc7231#section-6) and the available status codes are registered in the [IANA Status Code Registry](https://www.iana.org/assignments/http-status-codes/http-status-codes.xhtml).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Status codes SHOULD be selected from the available status codes registered in the [IANA Status Code Registry](https://www.iana.org/assignments/http-status-codes/http-status-codes.xhtml).
```
